Add FrankenPHP Configuration Instructions (#9932)
laravel/docs: octane.md

You may consult [the official FrankenPHP documentation](https://frankenphp.dev/docs/docker/) for more information on running FrankenPHP with Docker.

<a name="frankenphp-configuration"></a>
## Configuring FrankenPHP

> When using FrankenPHP with Laravel, note that the default system `php.ini` does not apply to the FrankenPHP worker environment. To configure PHP settings, create a `php.ini` file in your project's root directory:

Reviewer: This is not exact. The system default is taken into account, but FrankenPHP uses the default system path (hardcoded in the PHP source code) which is `/lib/php.ini`. Most distributions change this default path to `/etc`, hence the confusion.

If you use the static binary (default with Octane), you can use `/lib/php.ini` or the root directory of the project.  If you use the Docker image, you should use `$PHP_INI_DIR`. If you compile PHP by yourself, you can specify the path you want by passing ` --with-config-file-path` option to `./configure`.

This is documented here: https://frankenphp.dev/docs/config/

Author: Thanks @dunglas, I've rewritten to hopefully be a little more precise on this matter. Are you able to take a look and check if you think it covers it?

You may consult [the official FrankenPHP documentation](https://frankenphp.dev/docs/docker/) for more information on running FrankenPHP with Docker.

<a name="frankenphp-configuration"></a>
#### Configuring FrankenPHP with Laravel

When integrating FrankenPHP with Laravel, modifying `php.ini` settings requires placing the `php.ini` file in one of two locations: either the `/lib` directory or the same directory as the binary (by default, the project root).

To adjust PHP configuration, create a `php.ini` file in one of these locations and define your settings. For example, to increase the memory limit and file upload size, you can add the following to your `./php.ini` file:

```ini
# php.ini
memory_limit = 512M
upload_max_filesize = 100M
post_max_size = 100M
```

> If you're using the Docker image, you can set the `$PHP_INI_DIR` environment variable. FrankenPHP will then scan and load configuration files from `$PHP_INI_DIR/*.ini`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the Docker image, you must store your `php.ini` in the directory specified in the `$PHP_INI_DIR` environment variable. FrankenPHP will then scan and load configuration files from `$PHP_INI_DIR/*.ini`.
```
